hello how are you friends how are you and I
hope so
[Music]
and that's why it's a little late but don't
worry today we're going to catch up and
talk about all the salsa also I know that it has
been many days since I did a live broadcast on
this channel because we are doing
a lot of live broadcasts on other channels and I can't
divide myself any more but don't
worry that we are going to lack
information anywhere I wanted to
comment as it could not be
otherwise the interview that Olga Moreno gave
on Telecinco the other day on the program
Dejate querer with Tony Moreno well I've
seen colleagues say that zero
headlines that we can't get any
headlines out that it has been a
bit of a brief interview I honestly don't see it that way I have
done I think there are so many headlines
that I'm going to release several videos on the
subject especially for me the headline would be would I go through
exactly the same thing again
without changing anything I think that would be
the main headline yes it's true
that she hasn't gotten involved in talking much
about Antonio David Flores but you
already know that Olga is not going to do it anymore I do
n't know what people want  that you tell
Antonio Davis because maybe they want me to
speak badly, listen, for Lazio badly and
criticize them and already start to talk
personal things about the house, no, and that would already
break the barrier, yes, Antonio
Dávila could already be for 20 or 30
years people change from time to time, Antonio
Davis with the relationship he has now he hasn't
done it and in recent years with his
relationship with Olga more than giving any
explanation of the things that have come out
and can came out and when the marriage
could have been ruined because of the
bus which was his fault, of course
on some occasions okay, I don't know, I don't know
which one it is but people change the truth
no no Olga is not going to get into that
things would have to be very bad and very
ugly for Olga to go on a
television program to say, well, look how badly she
did, on such a day she told me I don't know what, I don't know
when she left home and came back at such a
time, those things are not going to be but she
has made it clear that she loves him
very much and Antonio and he will always
be the father of her Lola apart from
continue being the father of two kids that
she almost well I'm not going to
say that she considers them her children because
come on we're going to have people here
jumping on me and saying nonsense
but man she loves him like a son of
course I don't know if you love him like she said of
course yes like that I also love my
nephew and and wide and two of my cousin's I
play if they were my children because they are
blood not in this case maybe what
would be blood but there was a rousset like there has
been an incredible pink so well
yes Antonio is always going to continue
being a good father part that you already know
that as a father he adores him
and some other things that I will be
telling you about in the following headlines
but the truth is I have seen a
splendid Olga very beautiful because how beautiful we are
very beautiful I am that I like a lot there are many people who
criticize them and the whole thing no and they say
that I don't know there are many people who criticize her
for many things and that they don't like her
but as I tell you I
believe her I have been with her in person
twice exactly what she is in
person was two  times that was in Malaga
and the other day when we met, it
seems to me that I found it super
nice to be with her and talk to
her, a charming, nice girl
that I like a lot and you are
choosing family in the
comments box to see what you think, I
send you a huge hug and now make
more headlines, okay, a hug family
[Music]